---
title: "About the IDL Network"
date: "2020-04-30"
coverImage: "IDL-Network_Bruegel_Hunters-in-the-Snow_climate-change.png"
---

Welcome to the Interdisciplinary Learning (IDL) Network.

__The IDL Network provides **an integrated website** for professional dialogue and learning where teachers and educators are able to:__

- _discuss, debate, question and learn about IDL within and across the Curriculum for Excellence_
- _promote and gain an understanding of IDL through the **exemplification**, sharing and curating of practical, high-quality **interdisciplinary resources,** **ideas and approaches**_
- _contribute **narratives** about experiences of developing and delivering IDL_
- _receive and provide topical **news, information and literature** about recent developments in IDL_

The Network, which is open to all, aims to support **collaboration** amongst educators of children and young people from 3 to 18 and beyond, including tertiary education. It will be particularly relevant for teachers, teacher educators, trainee teachers and probationers, school leaders, educators in further and higher education, and policymakers.

### **What will the Network do in practice?**

The Network will provide a platform for addressing everyday questions and lively discussions amongst forum members, such as:

- How do I….?
- Is this interdisciplinary or…..?
- Why does it matter?
- What is the best way to…….?
- What works or doesn't work?
- Where will I find some resources/ideas on…….?
- Here is a…(learning idea, resource, question, problem, challenge, comment, opinion etc)

### Why have we developed an IDL Network?

The Network is one of several outcomes of _the Royal Society of Edinburgh’s (RSE) 2019 conference_ on “_[Interdisciplinary Learning: Creative Thinking for a Complex World](https://www.rse.org.uk/event/interdisciplinary-learning-creative-thinking-for-a-complex-world/)”_. At the conference, a questionnaire was circulated to around 160 delegates, respondents to which (practitioners, school leaders and teacher educators) supported the establishment of a teacher forum, which the RSE has co-ordinated.

An overarching challenge to the implementation of IDL is the lack of a common understanding and clarity about what constitutes IDL. Improving our understanding of IDL and related approaches to connecting subject learning across the education community is therefore a priority.

### **Network Development and Management**

In order to grow and thrive, the Network needs to attract the active support and contributions of a ‘critical mass’ of teachers, teacher educators, educators in further and higher education, school leaders, policymakers and other interested contributors. It aims to build a collaborative, participatory, open and forward-looking community of practice that includes members willing to:

- share ideas and resources
- ask and respond to questions
- contribute to discussions
- contribute to developing and managing the Network.

The Network has been established as an integrated **website** with the aim of forming and building a broad, outward-looking community of practice around IDL.

**Find out how to subscribe or join the Network [here](https://idlnetwork.org/how-to-join/).**

**Read more about why IDL is important in [this post](https://idlnetwork.org/2020/04/the-idl-teacher-forum/).**

* * *

Featured image: _Hunters in the Snow (1565)_. Peter Bruegel. Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna. Public domain.

[_Impressum_](https://idlnetwork.org/impressum/)
